this is a video about coping with
pressure okay I know what you're
thinking what the fuck would Eddie know
about pressure and real work well I'm
pleased to tell you fuck all actually my
hands are as soft as that downy feathers
on an adorably cute baby penguin and I
take it as a source of pride that I've
never em work to join me live I'll do
anything for money but I draw the line
at working so what pray tell is the
pressure that I'm referring to well with
what I do comes a different source of
pressure when you are your own boss
things can easily get on top of you so
much so that running your own business
can quite often leave grown men in the
fetal position crying their eyes out at
their own ineptitude right guys just me
that I'll tell you a little story the
reason why today's video is late is not
down to pure hearted laziness I am that
but not when it comes to shit jokes and
video games quick sidenote gose is the
perfect blend of those two hence why I
keep playing it back on topic I love
doing my youtube I spend way more time
on it then I should nothing delays me
I'm like Kevin Costner delivering the
mail in that shit film from the 90s like
a bad movie plot I'm leaving holes
everywhere today my video is late
because I did something so monumentally
stupid I marveled at my own faggotry
with one click of a button I ended
months of work on a serious paid job and
what's worse is I knew before I did it
imagine if you can a scenario where I'm
the stretchy twat from the Fantastic
Four right I managed to flamboyantly
kick myself in there not so
spectacularly hard that any observer
would swear it was deliberate you know
what i did i updated mac OS x I knew I
had editing software that was old and
probably wouldn't work afterwards but
just like walking out of the deer hunter
I wanted to know what would happen it
didn't end well so pressure and coping
with it for the entire day my mind has
been working in overdrive trying to
avoid the fact I knew right at the very
beginning I'm gonna have to do a huge
amount of work again and I have to do my
taxes and i have a shoot on thursday a
shoot in the middle of nowhere with
untested equipment and no driver so
basically i spent the afternoon fucking
my life up and dealing with the knock-on
effects I put a ridiculous amount of
pressure on myself for absolutely no
reason brilliant the silver lining is
this however in my frantic attempts to
find a solution actually came across
better workflows then I was currently
using out of the fires of my trattoria
beautiful Phoenix arose and always calm
so here I am talking about pressure no
matter how hard it gets or how much you
want to give up don't you'll probably
find the answers
you need more in the crucible of panic
than in any calm reflection late effects